fix: `OwnershipCard` could be unscrollable when using together with `react-grid-layout` (#23345)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/unlucky-apricots-call.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-org': patch
---

> fix: `OwnershipCard` could be unscrollable when using together with `react-grid-layout`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the `OwnershipCard` component failed to scroll properly when used alongside `react-grid-layout`.
```
